Mr. Chen
What Mr. Zhou just said about the meeting of the song god is true
Then let's talk about the lady
Don't worry.
I've already arranged it.
The singer allows you to rub his voice
And will be at the time of the game
Invite you to join the chorus
Bring you to the lowest end of the Chinese Orchestra
But this punishment
Little white head doesn't write anymore
Last time, I was lucky that the King of Yue always helped him
This time he was able to find Chairperson Zhou to give him the platform
Could he be an adult?
And I remember what he told me earlier.
The reason why I can be in the position of the diva
It was all put forward by him
If that's what he said
Could that be where he is painting the fish altar?
Unattainable
high impossible
You were all deceived by him
He Chu Fan is the boss of a broken music store
He's not a useless loser
How could it be someone from the orchestra?
Don't say he's a big shot
He was everywhere, with a little bit of fame.
How could it be possible at the time of the game
Borrow the fame of the city kiln to grow for yourself
That's right, one only stands behind women
The waste of coaxing others with rhetoric
How could he be such a big shot?
otherwise
He can't have achieved nothing in the past five years, right?
Rong'er, wait a minute, it's the finals.
At that time, I will personally imagine and clear for each
And ask him to do it for you
Specially created a series of tracks
I will hold you in Chinese and ask him to take his place all over heaven
Hello Dad Rong'er
Tonight's birthday party is scheduled at the Skylark Hotel
Remember to call my good son-in-law to the kitchen then?
I see.
With the help of this legendary singer
That's Chen Yao with 100 million fans
You will also be stepped on by our Miss Jiang
What's more, he is the King of Chu
Don't worry this time.
It doesn't matter if he hits the finals
Because of the heat of this finals
It will only revolve around masked singing
All the words want the heat
It will only surprise the two of you
At that time
From the hands of positive energy
Retrieve the position of Tianbeng
It's not impossible.